>>>>[THEME MUSIC] And I think
many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Well, welcome back
to another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
When I was flying in
from Burbank to Denver,
way up in the sky,
I had a chance
to just see all these
incredible clouds out there.
But what I also saw was
just something very strange.
And that was either
contrails or chemtrails.
And our special guest
is Sharon Schloss.
Sharon has been an
anti-geoengineering activist,
author, and writer that
deals primarily with what's
going on on this planet.
What a fascinating
world you're in, Sharon.
>>SHARON SCHLOSS: It
is very interesting.
And it's nothing I ever
expected to get involved with.
But I had been experiencing
these inexplicable health
problems for years,
throughout the 2000s.
And I thought that I was just a
defective person and wondered,
what's going wrong with me?
And I had a friend point out the
chemtrails one day, years ago.
And I didn't know what
he was talking about.
I said, isn't that
just what planes do?
And then I had another
person, my partner Gabriel,
also point it out to me.
And after he pointed it out,
I had two people telling me
about this.
And he said, you're feeling
bad because of their spraying.
And so I started
looking into it.
I thought, well,
this is something--
this is a cause for concern.
So I was actually able to tie
a lot of my health problems
to the chemical spraying.
And I noticed that these
problems were worse
on spray days.
And they included allergies,
sore throats, exhaustion--
I mean, absolute fatigue,
like chronic fatigue syndrome
symptoms, among
also having candida,
all these bodily problems--
>>NOORY: You were falling apart.
>>SCHLOSS: And I was wondering
why because I ate right.
I went jogging.
I exercised a lot.
And I would meditate,
and I thought,
I think I'm doing
everything right.
What's going on?
So I was able to tie a lot of
my problems to the spray days.
So I'd start staying
in on those days.
I adopted a supplement
regimen that helped a lot.
But I knew that this was a
problem affecting others.
So I started
researching it and I
learned what it's doing
to the environment, what
it's doing to us.
And I decided that it
was time to stop it.
So I started going
to the streets,
doing marches, the global
march against chemtrails
and geoengineering.
>>NOORY: Which is
growing now, isn't it?
>>SCHLOSS: It is.
And my partner Gabe and I
would go to farmers' markets
every Sunday because we
knew that people there
are concerned about health
and good quality food.
So we would explain it and also
how it's tied with GMO foods.
There's a lot of connections
to be made with this.
>>NOORY: What do think
they're trying to do?
>>SCHLOSS:
Geoengineering is being
done to modify the
weather, primarily.
And the reasons for this are
for use in warfare by militaries
and to control
commodities markets.
So companies like Monsanto
want to monopolize the food.
And they can do this by
controlling who gets rain.
>>NOORY: Who gets the seeds.
>>SCHLOSS: Exactly.
And they create conditions in
which normal seeds can't grow.
Because they're putting
these chemicals in the air,
they're dimming the sun.
And the aluminum is falling into
the earth, acidifying the soil.
And they're causing drought.
So normal seeds can't
grow in these conditions.
And California is
very susceptible
because we're a major
agricultural center.
So they create seeds that can
withstand this abiotic stress.
They have seeds that can
withstand drought and acidified
soils caused by aluminum.
>>NOORY: California is having
a major drought right now.
And every chance we get when it
rains a little bit, we think,
hallelujah.
But it's a very bad situation.
They say it's the worst
in 1200 years here.
What's causing this?
>>SCHLOSS: This
drought is engineered.
It's completely artificial.
And it can be stopped if
we stop geoengineering.
There is massive spraying of
chemtrails over California
and over the ocean.
And these aerosols that
they're putting into the air
are made up of nanoparticulate
heavy metals-- aluminum,
barium, and strontium.
And so this is creating a
blockage to our rainfall.
It's altering the jet stream.
And it works in conjunction
with electromagnetic frequencies
and radio frequencies.
So it's put up into
the atmosphere.
It changes the state
of the atmosphere
into something that is very
conductive, a plasma state that
can be manipulated.
So our rain is being diverted.
When you saw the polar
vortex happening,
that was an instance
of geoengineering,
which was admitted by
the Obama Administration.
I read an article about
this in the Huffington Post.
They admitted to
manipulating the jet stream
to bring more moisture to the
drought areas of the Midwest,
which I found ironic.
>>NOORY: We've got too
much rain in the Midwest.
I spend a lot of
time in St. Louis,
and it's raining
all the time there.
>>SCHLOSS: That's because
it's being diverted.
>>NOORY: When we need
it in California.
>>SCHLOSS: Yes, and
there's a reason for that.
California produces half of
the nation's organic food.
It's a huge center
for organic farming.
And the states that are
getting the moisture
are the places that grow
GMO corn and soy which
are used for processed
junk foods and cattle feed.
So it's clear where our
government's interest is.
>>NOORY: Yes, they do not
want organic foods, do they?
>>SCHLOSS: They don't.
And it's because Monsanto and
other companies like Monsanto
want to monopolize
the food supply.
>>NOORY: You know, they're just
talking about labeling now.
USDA is talking about
selling the ability
to label and that companies that
do it will probably make more.
I don't know what's
going to happen there.
I know if I'm shopping
and I see a label
that says non-GMO, that's
what I'm going to buy.
>>SCHLOSS: Me too.
>>NOORY: Why buy something
that has GMO in it?
>>SCHLOSS: Yeah.
And if they did have
to label GMO's that
would be like putting a skull
and crossbones on the food.
Because once people know,
they don't want to eat it.
And so they hide it and they
make it obscure so you don't
really know what you're eating.
A lot of people don't
really read the labels.
A lot of people just buy
what they think tastes good.
But really, eating
packaged food in general
is not the best way to go.
The best way is to buy
fresh, organic food.
And we need to support
organic farming.
We need to take the
money away from Monsanto.
And I think this is
happening anyway,
and it's happening organically.
McDonald's is having
a freefall right now.
>>NOORY: They've
got some problems.
They're shutting down some
stores and everything else.
>>SCHLOSS: People
want healthy food.
>>NOORY: Now, you look here
every day outside at the sky
and you will see either
chemtrails or contrails.
Huge distinction--
what's the difference?
>>SCHLOSS: The difference
is, once upon a time
we only saw contrails,
which were, and still are,
very short little jet
trails above 30,000 feet.
At very cold temperatures
and high altitudes,
you will see visible vapor
because the condensation
will freeze.
>>NOORY: And they
dissipate fast.
>>SCHLOSS: Yeah,
it's like your breath
on a cold day or the exhaust
from your car on a cold day.
If you were breathing
on a cold day,
and you walked across the room,
and your breath followed you
on a long trail, what happens
is you will see a short trail.
And it'll dissipate
because it's just
the freezing of water
vapor, condensation,
and then it goes away.
>>NOORY: Very normal.
>>SCHLOSS: And it's normal.
It's not common.
It has to be very cold.
So it's not a common thing to
see, but they are out there.
But a chemtrail is a trail
that lingers and sticks.
And you'll see grid spraying and
the planes go back and forth,
back and forth.
And you'll see trails
go horizon to horizon.
And the reason for this
is this isn't water vapor.
They're happening at
low altitudes too.
This is material being
put in the atmosphere.
And I could compare
this with a sky writer.
When you see someone
doing sky writing,
that's not water vapor.
It's material that sticks
so you can read it.
>>NOORY: And it keeps
around for a little while.
>>SCHLOSS: It keeps
And I'm not worried
about sky writing,
but it's just an example.
The chemtrails stick
and they spread out
and they create
grids over the sky.
And by the end of the day,
you have a murky white haze.
And you have your sun
is dimmed, and it's
just a depressing
sight, let alone the way
people feel on those days.
I've had people tell me--
and I've experienced--
that people feel crazy.
They act more erratic,
more rational,
mood swings and physical issues.
>>NOORY: And they
have no idea why.
>>SCHLOSS: No.
It's just, we can't be
poisoned with heavy metals.
>>NOORY: Sharon,
what about the pilots
who are flying these planes that
are emitting the chemtrails?
Have we found any of them?
Because I tried on
"Coast to Coast."
One person called in
once, said he was a pilot.
Who knows?
Most of the guests
do a lot of research,
but they're not the pilots.
When are we going to get
these pilots admitting
what they're doing?
>>SCHLOSS: They do
from time to time.
It's very rare.
There was a German pilot
that admitted it because this
is a worldwide issue.
And so I found a video on
YouTube of a German pilot
admitting to it
and describing it.
But it's extremely rare.
In the US, it really
doesn't happen.
>>NOORY: These chemtrails
that are up there,
I mean, there are days
where the sky looks
like a tic-tac-toe pattern.
What's happening up there?
>>SCHLOSS: This
is grid spraying.
These planes will fly back
and forth and cover the sky.
A lot of the time, the way
they achieve the chemical cover
is through spraying
grids, which spread out.
There are other things
they do, though,
especially in California.
The chemtrails that
are sprayed there
are usually guidelines to bring
in systems of aerosol matter
that's been released
over the ocean.
So they work in two ways.
They can cover the entire
sky by spraying a grid.
They can also guide
in systems that
are done over the ocean as
what they call chembombs.
I know it's a scary word.
It's an aerosol release.
So they'll put out a large
quantity of this material.
And the grid lines are simply
a guide to bring it in.
Because this is done through
electromagnetic and radio
frequencies.
So these are-- they
put up the guideline,
and they can tell
what they're doing.
>>NOORY: OK.
And we were talking
about these pilots
that I think they need to come
forward and start saying--
but I guess they're worried
about their jobs and careers,
right?
>>SCHLOSS: And lives.
Because it's top secret, and
they're sworn to secrecy.
And they do come out
from time to time.
I do know that people do have
death threats at times when
they come out about this stuff.
People from the inside--
whistleblowers and people
who have solutions that
are very revolutionary
have had death threats
and have to worry.
>>NOORY: Now you said
earlier that you get sick
from the spraying.
And I guess so many
other people do.
>>SCHLOSS: They do.
>>NOORY: Respiratory
diseases and illnesses
are at a record rate right now.
You talked to a
pulmonary expert,
and he doesn't know
what's going on.
But I know of some
people who have been
coughing for months at end.
>>SCHLOSS: They call
it the chemtrail cough.
And we can't live with
nanoparticulate heavy metals
in our atmosphere.
These are toxic to us.
They're toxic to all life.
And when you breathe this in,
it causes respiratory illness
and it causes
neurological illness.
And we see record
amounts of asthma.
I had a friend who worked
in a pediatric office,
and she said half of
the kids had asthma.
This is just too much.
And we have Alzheimer's
disease and autism.
Things that are connected with
heavy metals are skyrocketing.
And in autism, it is
in one in 50 children,
even more than that now.
And Alzheimer's
is being found in
younger and younger
patients, even in their '50s.
So something is going
very, very wrong.
And we have respiratory
illness going from the eighth
to the third leading cause of
death in the United States.
So we do have to look at this.
This is not about smog.
Because this is happening
in areas where--
>>NOORY: It's not
about pollution.
>>SCHLOSS: It is pollution,
but it's a different pollution.
>>NOORY: It's a different
kind of pollution.
I mean, there's nothing
wrong with cleaning up
our atmosphere.
>>SCHLOSS: We should clean up--
>>NOORY: --trying
to get rid of that.
But this is something else
that has a different agenda.
>>SCHLOSS: It's a
whole other animal.
This is deliberate.
And so we're having
these diseases
in areas that are remote--
no factories, very few cars.
So this isn't because of people
driving around in their cars.
This is a different form
of pollution altogether.
>>NOORY: When you talk about
electromagnetic radiation
that's tied to this, tell
me what you mean by that.
>>SCHLOSS: Well, a lot of
people have heard of HAARP.
I think that's more common
knowledge than most of it.
>>NOORY: The array
out there in Alaska
that is beaming
into the atmosphere.
>>SCHLOSS: Yeah,
and they will hit
a small piece of the
atmosphere with radio
frequencies to affect it,
to create weather changes.
But it's not just HAARP.
There are many
facilities like this,
both land-based and
sea-based on this planet.
And also locally, cellphone
towers have a part in this.
You know, whether or not they
operate our cellphones isn't
really the issue.
Because the fact is, what
they do to the atmosphere
is they put out positive ions
and electromagnetic frequencies
which inhibit rainfall
and assist in the sticking
of the geoengineering aerosols.
So we have electromagnetic
frequencies
that can move it around
once it's up there,
alter jet streams.
And also, having
these frequencies
create such an
unhealthy atmosphere.
It's bad for our Earth,
and it's bad for us.
So this unhealthy atmosphere
works in conjunction
with the heavy metals.
Because we're talking
about metals, and we're
talking about magnetism.
So they're sticking
around for a reason.
>>NOORY: And we're going
to talk in our next program
about the medical issues
that are facing people
and what we can do about it.
But it's no wonder
that so many people
are whacked out these days.
And they can't put
a handle on it.
I mean, even
psychiatrists-- and I've
got one, Dr. Peter Breggin, who
has been on our program "Beyond
Belief."
He's against medicating people.
He can't figure out what's
going on with people.
The medical community
doesn't know.
>>SCHLOSS: The reason
they don't know
is because they
don't want to know.
Mainstream science does not
discuss invisible phenomena.
We have a war here against us
that's not just a chemical war
but it's also an energetic war.
And we're talking
about something
that can't really be seen.
And the chemtrails
themselves can be seen,
but so many people are in
denial about that aspect of it.
So we've got a lot
of denial and science
wants to skirt around the issue.
They don't want to talk
about the spraying,
and they don't want to talk
about the EMF, because one,
the spraying is too much to
deal with for so many people.
And the EMF is invisible,
and it's easy to dismiss.
And again, it's too
much to deal with,
because people don't want to
think about what their cell
phones are doing to them.
They don't want to think about
what their Wi-Fi is doing.
Because these things
are so convenient.
We feel that we need them.
So yeah, there's a lot of
denial, I would have to say.
And they're looking for a
medical answer and a sort
of a biological, physical way.
They're looking for what's
going wrong chemically only.
But the nine nanoparticulates
which many tests can't even
pick up because these are
nano-sized particles--
>>NOORY: I've told my
kids and my friends,
try to not talk on the
phone, your cell phone.
Try to text message
or use the speaker
but don't hold it up to
your ear all the time.
>>SCHLOSS: Yeah, the cell
phones are linked to cancer.
Electromagnetic
frequencies are not
compatible with our
electrical system.
We are electrical.
Everything is.
Everything contains energy.
Our atmosphere is electrical.
And so the electromagnetic
frequencies are interfering.
Our body has an
electrical system shaped
like the roots of a tree.
The EMF is shaped like an onion.
And so you have your body trying
to conform to the system that
doesn't match.
And then your cells
cannot communicate.
And the miscommunication
between the cells
is what leads to cancer.
It also makes us feel terrible,
just on a day to day basis.
And we don't know why--
>>NOORY: --that melancholy
feeling that some people feel.
>>SCHLOSS: And so
many people feel it.
And then they go and try to take
a pharmaceutical drug for it,
which is not the answer.
The answer is we need to
clean it out of our bodies.
We need to clean out
the heavy metals.
And we need to remove
the EMF from our lives.
>>NOORY: Does it affect
people's sleep patterns?
>>SCHLOSS: Absolutely.
I can tell you from
personal experience.
I had a Wi-Fi
unfortunately in my bedroom
because I didn't
know at the time.
And I didn't know
why I was waking up
every couple of hours, every
night, sometimes once an hour.
And I couldn't get a good sleep.
>>NOORY: Horrible.
>>SCHLOSS: It was awful.
And I didn't know why.
And then when I got
rid of it, I could
sleep through the whole night.
And so there was
a big difference.
And then I tried turning it
back on again for a guest,
and I couldn't sleep again.
>>NOORY: Now you've talked
about negative ionization.
Exactly what does at mean?
>>SCHLOSS: Negative ionization
is what creates rainfall
and what creates clean air.
So if you've heard
about the Himalayan salt
lamps and negative
ionizers for your home,
these are air cleaners.
They clean pollutants
out of the air.
And they also create
a relaxing atmosphere.
And so this can actually
be used to benefit
us and the atmosphere.
So when I talk about weather
modification, a lot of this
is done by spraying
materials and using
electromagnetic frequency.
But there are actually companies
that use negative ionization.
These are also weather
modification companies.
But what they do is
beneficial because it's more
of a restoration of climate.
So when we have electromagnetic
devices and electrical devices
emitting positive ions
and stray electrons
from dirty electricity
into the atmosphere,
you have an atmosphere where
the hydrogen bond can't form.
And a hydrogen bond is what
you need for clouds for rain.
So what we need is a
negatively ionized atmosphere
so that the hydrogen bond
can form between the oxygen
molecules and create
clouds and rainfall.
So there are companies that
use rays of poles and wires.
And simply using
electrical energy
can remove pollutants from
the atmosphere in this way,
like we do in our homes
with the salt lamp.
And they can promote rainfall.
And they do this in Mexico.
So it's really wonderful
that we have this.
It's not really happening
much in the United States.
There are a few
companies that do it.
>>NOORY: How do they make money?
>>SCHLOSS: That's the thing.
And there's not a
lot of money in this.
It seems like the big money is
behind the chemtrail program,
behind this program which
is incompatible with the way
the earth works.
But there is some money in it.
In Mexico, the state pays
for negative ionization.
So they have facilities
set up that create
rainfall, reverse drought.
And I have a friend
of mine that went
to Mexico recently said the
time she had been there before,
they were chemtrails everywhere.
And this time, there were none.
So you see that negative
ionization pulls pollutants out
of the atmosphere while
creating rainfall.
>>NOORY: These patterns that
are out there that were getting
bombarded-- I remember the
Chinese during the Olympics.
They said, don't worry
about the weather.
We're going to control that.
When they made that statement,
Sharon, I went, whoa!
There's a government
admitting that they
are controlling the climate.
It was incredible.
>>SCHLOSS: I know.
That's such a great example.
And that's one of
the examples that I
use when I explain to people
that this is happening.
We have the technology
to change the weather.
And they did that
in China so there
would be no rain during the
Olympic opening ceremony.
It's actually very easy
to suppress rainfall.
But it's not too difficult
to make it happen, either.
And it doesn't have to
happen through cloud
seeding with silver iodide.
It can happen without chemicals,
simply using electricity.
But yes, our government has
admitted to geoengineering
and creating the polar vortex.
And China's government has
admitted to stopping rain.
This has been going
on for so long.
Our government
used cloud seeding
to wash out enemy supply
lines during the Vietnam War
during Project Popeye.
That was the operation
where they did that.
And this has been going
on for such a long time.
It's just time for
people to understand
that it's not healthy
for us or our planet
to manipulate the weather.
It's a disaster, really.
The negative ionization
is beneficial in drought
conditions.
It's a different situation
because it doesn't
involve chemicals, and
it works in harmony
with the Earth's systems.
>>NOORY: And even ionize water
as a cleaning agent, basically.
They're putting on
now filters that
are ionization machines
on the water that
comes in through your main
water system in your house.
And it ultraviolet-ly
zaps everything.
>>SCHLOSS: It's great.
Well, I drink filtered water.
I get all that junk out of my
water, all those heavy metals
and the fluoride.
I don't want that.
But yes, I've heard
about different types
of water and alkaline water.
And there's all kinds of
stuff people are doing now.
>>NOORY: When you got involved
in anti-geoengineering,
did you ever think
you'd be doing this?
>>SCHLOSS: Never.
I never could have imagined it.
I'm an artist and a musician.
I have a degree in art.
My background is in painting.
>>NOORY: What a difference.
>>SCHLOSS: I know.
It never occurred to me.
I spent years touring in
bands and playing music.
When I learned about this,
it struck me so hard.
I realized what a
big deal this was.
I couldn't imagine
how many people
were suffering from this.
And that just was unbearable to
me, and I had to take action.
And it led to other
things as well.
It led to so many
new understandings
of so many
interconnected issues.
So my life has changed, and
I live a life of service now.
>>NOORY: And you're glad?
>>SCHLOSS: I am glad.
I mean, this is
what I'm here to do.
>>NOORY: What's our next step?
What do people do?
Because I bet if you went out
there and talked to 100 people,
90 of them would say, what
are you talking about?
What do you mean, chemtrails?
They don't have any idea.
I'm not talking about the
people who watch "Beyond Belief"
or listen to my radio
show, "Coast to Coast."
Talking about the
general population.
You go out there, they have
no idea what's going on.
>>SCHLOSS: Oh, you're right.
I mean, that's what
I was doing was just
street activism for a long
time, not just the marches
but just going out there.
And I'd go with my
partner Gabriel.
And he and I would stand at
street corners with signs.
And we'd go up to Hollywood and
Vine near where we were living
and try to--
>>NOORY: I know that area well.
>>SCHLOSS: We wanted
to get some people--
>>NOORY: Tell Gabriel to
blow his horn, would you?
>>SCHLOSS: And he does.
Oh, he does.
He works as hard
as I do on this.
And we noticed a lot
of people don't know.
But more every day,
you'd be surprised.
I've had captive
audience on buses.
I've given speeches on
buses to people about this.
>>NOORY: Do they listen?
>>SCHLOSS: They do listen.
>>NOORY: Or do they
say, who is this person?
>>SCHLOSS: Well,
what happens is I
start a conversation
with somebody
because I couldn't help myself.
It comes up.
>>NOORY: And other
people start listening?
>>SCHLOSS: And they
start listening.
Because sometimes
I'm reading a book
or they want to know what's
going on, what I'm into.
And I also had fliers about it.
>>NOORY: Do you
stand up in the bus?
>>SCHLOSS: I did.
I have stood up in
the back of the bus.
>>NOORY: Now that's a
video I'd like to see.
>>SCHLOSS: Nobody took
a video of that one.
But I was doing that.
And a lot of people didn't know.
And it's not easy
to wake people up.
But you'd be surprised
how receptive they are.
Because I think that there's
a general feeling of,
something isn't right.
I think people know that
Things are upside
down and backwards,
and it doesn't make sense.
Good people are suffering.
And people who are doing
evil seem to be doing great,
although they aren't.
I assure you than anybody
perpetuating these acts
has got their own personal
hell to deal with.
>>NOORY: If you go
outside in the morning,
and the dew has just kind
of set itself on the grass,
you will see what
some people think
are spider webs,
all over the place.
They're not spider
webs, are they?
>>SCHLOSS: Well, I'm not sure.
I mean, I'm aware of--
>>NOORY: I think it's a fiber.
>>SCHLOSS: Some of the
fibers-- I haven't personally
experienced the fibers.
I've seen some things on a
plant that I was very concerned
about.
And somebody told me that's
just from spiders and bugs.
But I do know that the
fibers are falling.
And there are fibers in
there that Clifford Carnicom,
Dr. Carnicom of the
Carnicom Institute
has done a lot of
research into what's
in the chemtrails besides the
heavy metals, the pathogens.
There are a lot of
strange things in there.
And when they had the snow that
was burning, the burning snow
videos that went
viral, this was caused
by artificial
nucleated snow storms.
So there were
plastics found in it.
So there are all kinds of
strange things in the mix,
depending on what they're doing.
But when the Obama
Administration
talked about creating
the polar vortex,
they mentioned
spraying strands out
of airplanes to direct the
jet stream to take away
California's rain and give lots
of heavy snow and blizzards
to the Midwest.
>>NOORY: Have you noticed
that people in Japan,
the mentality of
people in Japan,
is they wear, when they go
out-- and look they look silly,
but they wear them--
special air filter masks?
They go on planes,
and they wear them.
They're obsessed with
illnesses, viruses, and things
in the atmosphere to the point
where it's very common for them
to wear these.
Or they'll have umbrellas
because of the sun.
>>SCHLOSS: Oh, I do that.
>>NOORY: Why do they have
that mindset and we don't?
>>SCHLOSS: We just don't think
like that here in America.
We're so busy.
We're so overworked.
It's so hard for us to
think about anything
except just getting by.
And so much is
just glossed over.
Our media doesn't really cover
anything of any importance.
That's what I notice.
I mean, in the alternative
media, shows like this,
it's different.
It's different.
But what's on television isn't
going to talk about this.
But we do a very high UV index.
And geoengineering is
partly responsible for
that, I'd say a lot responsible
for the thinning of ozone.
And personally, I do carry
an umbrella on sunny days.
I don't like to expose myself.
And I also don't want to use
sunscreen more than I have to.
I hear it's not
very good for you.
I don't know too
much about sunscreen,
but I prefer to shade myself.
And I have worn a mask.
>>NOORY: Oh, you have?
>>SCHLOSS: I have.
I'm that weird person
wearing the mask.
And I don't like doing it.
It makes me feel awkward
because no one else is doing it.
>>NOORY: It makes you look
like you have the disease
and that you're trying
to protect other people.
And I think a lot of
people will freak out.
I have seen people get
on a plane with a mask
and sit down next to somebody.
That somebody gets up and
leaves because they think
that person has a disease.
>>SCHLOSS: Yeah, I mean,
it looks a little strange.
I live in LA, so there's a
lot of strange people in LA.
So I kind of go under the
radar, even with the mask.
But I do feel weird
doing it, but I was
doing this on heavy spray days.
We don't have as many anymore.
And I will be getting
to that later.
We used to have pretty much
terrible spray days every day.
>>NOORY: Almost every day.
>>SCHLOSS: Nowadays, it's not
as much, maybe a day a month.
>>NOORY: That's because
they have droughted us
to the point where
I think they think
they may have gone too far.
>>SCHLOSS: No, I don't
think they care about that.
I think they want to
continue droughting us.
But this is where the
negative ionization comes in.
And we have sort of a guerrilla
warfare, weather warfare
segment of the population.
So if this is weather
warfare against us,
we've got people fighting
it back behind the scenes.
And so people are
making devices now
that undo it on such
a massive scale.
And this is a growing movement.
So we're actually
changing things.
>>NOORY: Can we win?
Can we beat this?
>>SCHLOSS: Absolutely.
I really get upset when I hear
people saying that this is it,
and we're all going to die.
>>NOORY: It's over.
>>SCHLOSS: I really don't
like to hear that because we
can absolutely win this.
I have a lot of
information on that,
using orgone energy, which was a
discovery of Dr. Wilhelm Reich.
And we'll talk more about it.
>>NOORY: They went
after him, too.
>>SCHLOSS: And they did
because what he discovered
was so revolutionary.
Pretty much anybody
who discovers
free energy of any type
is going to disappear.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>SCHLOSS: That's what happens.
And he discovered an energy
that is so healthy for us
because it's the
essence of what we are.
He was able to
measure scientifically
what ancient cultures
called chi or prana.
And using this heat,
he thought that this
would be great to channel
it and use it, collect it.
How can we collect
this and use it?
So he built devices
that would collect it,
orgone accumulators.
And he figured out how to direct
it towards the atmosphere.
>>NOORY: He was on his way.
>>SCHLOSS: He was able
to collect this energy
and utilize it in
cancer treatment
and in drought abatement.
So we're talking about exactly
what's happening today.
Using what he
discovered then, we
are able to heal ourselves
and heal our atmosphere.
>>NOORY: How do people
get a hold of you, Sharon?
>>SCHLOSS: They can
go to my website.
It's thechembow.com.
>>NOORY: Spell it.
>>SCHLOSS: That's T-H-E-C-H-E-M-
as in man, B as in boy,
O-W.com.
That's thechmbow.com.
It's like a chemical rainbow.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on the program.
>>SCHLOSS: Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: I look forward
to our second edition.
There's something very
strange going on here, folks.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]